README.md, before:

# Connect with People on LinkedIn, Send a Custom Message with Person's Name Automatically!
A Python Selenium bot to automate connection with people on LinkedIn

<b>Send 100 connection requests in 15 minutes with one click, automatically add custom connect message with person's name included!</b>

## How To Use

Screen resolution and width is rather important when it comes to LinkedIn.
<br> The script is tested on 1280px and 1366px screen width resolutions.  It is working!

### Change Weekly:

There is a weekly limit of invitations that could be sent on LinkedIn, so, to reduce automation detection, Your current weekly limit is set to 100 in `weekly_limit` and Your current `weekly_counter` is stored in a separate file `linkedin-weekly-counter.txt`.

Be sure to reset manually the value inside the file `linkedin-weekly-counter.txt` back to 0 every Monday! Just utilize any text editor and replace any value inside the file with `0`

### Change:

  •  The email to login on LinkedIn `username`
  
  •  Your password `password`
  
  •  A person on LinkedIn in whose connections You are interested `search_query`
  
  Make sure that the target person allowed to browse their contacts. One can disable that in the profile settings.
  You have to find a person who allowed his / her contacts to be browsed. The link to the list of the person's connections must be clickable on their profile.
  
  •  Your custom messages set (without greating, the greating is included in the code!). Include as many different messages as reasonably possible to minimize LinkedIn automation detection: 

  `linkedin-invitation-0.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-1.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-2.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-3.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-4.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-5.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-6.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-7.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-8.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-9.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-10.txt`
    
### Install Python:

  •  https://www.python.org/downloads/

### Install PIP If it Has Not been Installed With Python Automatically:

  •  https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/

### Install Libraries (please open the command line interface):

  •  Selenium `pip install selenium`

### Start Connecting with People on LinkedIn!

  •  double-click on `start.bat`

The fresh version is always here: https://github.com/nakigoe/linkedin-bot
<br> Please write if You would like programming lessons: nakigoetenshi@gmail.com
<br> $60 per hour

<h2 style="margin: 0 auto" align="center">Put stars on GitHub and share!!!</h2>
<br>
<p style="margin: 0 auto" align="center">Please cast an eye on my website:</p>
<h1><a href="https://nakigoe.org/" style="background-color: black;" target="_blank">
  <img style="display: block; width: calc(100vw - (100vw - 100%));"
    src="https://nakigoe.org/_IMG/logo.png" 
    srcset="https://nakigoe.org/_IMG/logo.png 4800w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-3840.png 3840w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-2560.png 2560w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-2400.png 2400w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-2048.png 2048w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-1920.png 1920w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-1600.png 1600w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-1440.png 1440w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-1280.png 1280w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-1200.png 1200w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-1080.png 1080w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-960.png 960w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-720.png 720w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-600.png 600w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-480.png 480w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-300.png 300w"
    alt="NAKIGOE.ORG">
<img class="blend" style="display: block; width: calc(100vw - (100vw - 100%));" 
  src="https://nakigoe.org/_IMG/nakigoe-academy-night.jpg" 
  srcset="https://nakigoe.org/_IMG/nakigoe-academy-night.jpg 2800w,
    https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/nakigoe-academy-night-2048.jpg 2048w"
  alt="Nakigoe Academy">
  <img class="blend" style="display: block; width: calc(100vw - (100vw - 100%)); padding-bottom: 0.05em;"
    src="https://nakigoe.org/_IMG/logo-hot-bevel.png" 
    srcset="https://nakigoe.org/_IMG/logo-hot-bevel.jpg 4800w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-3840.jpg 3840w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-2560.jpg 2560w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-2400.jpg 2400w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-2048.jpg 2048w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-1920.jpg 1920w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-1600.jpg 1600w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-1440.jpg 1440w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-1280.jpg 1280w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-1200.jpg 1200w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-1080.jpg 1080w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-960.jpg 960w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-720.jpg 720w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-600.jpg 600w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-480.jpg 480w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-300.jpg 300w"
    alt="NAKIGOE.ORG">
</a></h1>

Commit message:

Make sure to change number_of_messages

README.md, after:

# Connect with People on LinkedIn, Send a Custom Message with Person's Name Automatically!
A Python Selenium bot to automate connection with people on LinkedIn

<b>Send 100 connection requests in 15 minutes with one click, automatically add custom connect message with person's name included!</b>

## How To Use

Screen resolution and width is rather important when it comes to LinkedIn.
<br> The script is tested on 1280px and 1366px screen width resolutions.  It is working!

### Change Weekly:

There is a weekly limit of invitations that could be sent on LinkedIn, so, to reduce automation detection, Your current weekly limit is set to 100 in `weekly_limit` and Your current `weekly_counter` is stored in a separate file `linkedin-weekly-counter.txt`.

Be sure to reset manually the value inside the file `linkedin-weekly-counter.txt` back to 0 every Monday! Just utilize any text editor and replace any value inside the file with `0`

### Change:

  •  The email to login on LinkedIn `username`
  
  •  Your password `password`
  
  •  A person on LinkedIn in whose connections You are interested `search_query`
  
  Make sure that the target person allowed to browse their contacts. One can disable that in the profile settings.
  You have to find a person who allowed his / her contacts to be browsed. The link to the list of the person's connections must be clickable on their profile.
  
  •  Your custom messages set (without greating, the greating is included in the code!). Include as many different messages as reasonably possible to minimize LinkedIn automation detection: 

  `linkedin-invitation-0.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-1.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-2.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-3.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-4.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-5.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-6.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-7.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-8.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-9.txt`

  `linkedin-invitation-10.txt`

  •  Your number of custom messages: 

  `number_of_messages`
    
### Install Python:

  •  https://www.python.org/downloads/

### Install PIP If it Has Not been Installed With Python Automatically:

  •  https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/

### Install Libraries (please open the command line interface):

  •  Selenium `pip install selenium`

### Start Connecting with People on LinkedIn!

  •  double-click on `start.bat`

The fresh version is always here: https://github.com/nakigoe/linkedin-bot
<br> Please write if You would like programming lessons: nakigoetenshi@gmail.com
<br> $60 per hour

<h2 style="margin: 0 auto" align="center">Put stars on GitHub and share!!!</h2>
<br>
<p style="margin: 0 auto" align="center">Please cast an eye on my website:</p>
<h1><a href="https://nakigoe.org/" style="background-color: black;" target="_blank">
  <img style="display: block; width: calc(100vw - (100vw - 100%));"
    src="https://nakigoe.org/_IMG/logo.png" 
    srcset="https://nakigoe.org/_IMG/logo.png 4800w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-3840.png 3840w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-2560.png 2560w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-2400.png 2400w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-2048.png 2048w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-1920.png 1920w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-1600.png 1600w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-1440.png 1440w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-1280.png 1280w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-1200.png 1200w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-1080.png 1080w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-960.png 960w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-720.png 720w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-600.png 600w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-480.png 480w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-300.png 300w"
    alt="NAKIGOE.ORG">
<img class="blend" style="display: block; width: calc(100vw - (100vw - 100%));" 
  src="https://nakigoe.org/_IMG/nakigoe-academy-night.jpg" 
  srcset="https://nakigoe.org/_IMG/nakigoe-academy-night.jpg 2800w,
    https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/nakigoe-academy-night-2048.jpg 2048w"
  alt="Nakigoe Academy">
  <img class="blend" style="display: block; width: calc(100vw - (100vw - 100%)); padding-bottom: 0.05em;"
    src="https://nakigoe.org/_IMG/logo-hot-bevel.png" 
    srcset="https://nakigoe.org/_IMG/logo-hot-bevel.jpg 4800w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-3840.jpg 3840w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-2560.jpg 2560w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-2400.jpg 2400w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-2048.jpg 2048w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-1920.jpg 1920w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-1600.jpg 1600w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-1440.jpg 1440w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-1280.jpg 1280w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-1200.jpg 1200w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-1080.jpg 1080w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-960.jpg 960w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-720.jpg 720w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-600.jpg 600w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-480.jpg 480w,
      https://nakigoe.org/_SRC/logo-hot-bevel-300.jpg 300w"
    alt="NAKIGOE.ORG">
</a></h1>
